Add minutes from 2025-07-08 meeting (#6)
sig-rpc/minutes: 2025/2025-07-08.md

    - Changes to the submission text (abstract)
        - Some formatting tweaks (fonts, bold list item)
        - If anyone has other suggested changes let RC know.
    - Stickers or pens etc.
        - RC is not a designer - does anyone want to make a logo etc? otherwise it will likely be the text logo on the website in a hexagon
    - Conference event support
        - RF may no longer be available to attend RSEcon, would anyone attending be willing to help at the workshop?
            - JM happy in principle, but unsure on availability with other conference commitments
            - FS not attending
            - PTH: RSEcon volunteers may be able to support with some facilitation (e.g. of online)
- AGM in October
    - Should schedule this so that it can be advertised in RSEcon.
    - This will likely be the next meeting, unless another one is needed/wanted in advance of the workshop at RSEcon.
- AoB
    - JM promoted SIG-RPC and the PP&O course at RSLondon on 2025-07-08
        - Had a suggestion from a HPC attendee to try not to make HPC sound too intimidating

>         - HPC SIG would be in principal be interested in a collaborative event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - [HPC RSE SIG](https://society-rse.org/hpc-rse-sig/) would be in principle be interested in a collaborative event
```
Let’s make sure there’s no confusion with [HPC SIG](https://society-rse.org/hpc-rse-sig/) (to whom I haven’t talked).

        - What's the dividing line between RPC and HPC - not sure we have a good 1 sentence answer.
            - RC: Stuff running on laptops etc. command line which some researchers are intimidated by. Very much single machine, serial, etc. Interactive workloads which may not fit traditional HPC well. Can direct people to HPC as follow on steps.  "pre-HPC"
            - FS: "Before HPC on Single PC"

>         - WH: presented an R and python package which makes using HPC appear challenging without the user needing to be exposed to it (immediately after central IT presented on traditional hpc/bash training). Some feedback that making HPC easy to use should *not* be made easier.

Reviewer: I found this bullet point confusingly worded; but unfortunately I don’t remember enough context to reword/expand it. Since we’re hoping to collaborate with HPC RSE SIG, it’d be good to be clear and avoid misunderstandings here.

Reviewer 2: I'll email Wes to have a look.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        - WH: presented an R and python package which aims to make using HPC like a simple function call for data scientists. (immediately after central IT presented on traditional hpc/bash training across departments). Some ,indirectly received, feedback from those attending his talk suggested making HPC easy is *not* something we should be aiming to do (e.g. HPC is a privileged resource, they should be learning bash etc).
```

Improved summary from Wes, with a few additional clarifications based on a longer description I was sent.

Reviewer: Much clearer, thanks!
